Hello everyone and welcome just to the last pair of questions as far as the length list interview problem
section goes.
In this case what I want to do is just finally implement a singly linked list and implement a doubly
linked list.
Again just for this interview problem.
All you have to do is fill in this class note as we've done and use it to create a singly linked list
.
Then add what you need to add in order to create a doubly linked list.
There's no test for this solution because that would basically give away the answer structure for both
of these.
We do have implementation lectures so you can review those in case you need the answers.
The main reason this is actually even an interview problem to begin with is because usually for the
previous interview problems we've seen they may not give you the actual code for a single linked list
or just the nodes in general.
So you have to implement the linked list yourself and then answer one of the questions that we previously
asked.
So it's always good to review and know how to build out the Node class for both a singly linked list
and a doubly linked list.
Now the pros and cons of each and how they work.
All right.
But that being said.
Thanks and I'll see you at the next lecture.